as his future dream where people
Can you find the dog and look at people?
has arrived
I'm from Goiás football reached ten thousand
and a mouth and nose
do not feel useless human look our
team I turn baby, a girl there.
fitch I can
face'll be the hit wonder who as
I die
off and turn your focus on the game
getting ahead and investing money
just get some of our group is
great
in the end and died by shooting and simón aipim
or let's not republicans in a face turned
If you said that I killed one today
fuck off you gave me 20 or
I died
thereby feeling of extreme and rooney
directed the dinosaur for such design
boat
ae
I found an attitude behind the boot
old turned the game